Now I've got a beautiful little baby corn
snake here. This guy's a little bit older
that a hatchling. You can see he's also a
Colubrid, part of the family. He's a long,
skinny-type snake. A little bit more flighty
and fast. He does want to run away a little
bit. Corn snakes tend to be pretty tame, pretty
docile. You can see he's holding on to my,
that's another great example of a use of a
tail by a snake. He's, he can hold onto me
right like that, and put his whole body weight
on there if he needs to. But, like I said,
these guys are very, very common all throughout
the United States and northwest. They are
called corn snakes because they're often found
in corn fields, feeding on mice and things
like that. They come in a wide variety of
color variations now. There's lots of designer
species out there you can get your hands on.
This one has a, one of my particularly favorite
colorations. This nice, deep red is, I find
very attractive. You can see he's sniffing
around frantically with that tongue, flicking
it about, checking out what's going on. Making
sure there's no predators around, or no prey.
Maybe he's hungry, though this guy did eat
not too long ago. At this size, he is eating
"pinkies", little baby mice, and he's eating
roughly two to three of them a week. He definitely
likes to pack in the food. So, just like we
were talking about with the rainbow boa, if
I can get him to chill out for one second,
that's where his tail starts, right there.
You can see the sudden change in width. It
very quickly drops down. His vent is right
there on the bottom. He really does not want
to chill out for me at all. Not trying to
bite me, though, you'll notice. They're very,
very tame in that sense. He doesn't want to
bite me. Snakes don't want to bite, it's their
last line of defense, really. He'd much rather
run from me than bite me, because if he bites
me, he's invested in our fight, and chances
are, against any mammal for the most part,
I'm going to win, as I have lots of teeth
and claws.